WELCOME TO DOCFILL

This tutorial will help you get started quickly!

You should now be viewing this text in the new document wizard. Finish the wizard to create the tutorial document.

From the main menu, select the Tutorial document, you should now be inside the document!

Notice that the text is highlighted in gray. Gray highlighted text means that there are no recordings assigned to the text. Green highlighted text means there is a recording assigned.

YOUR FIRST RECORDING

X Place the cursor before the X and change to the Record tab. Press the Record button and start reading the text from before the X to before the Y. Press Stop when you are done. While the cursor is still on the X, start the Selection range by pressing on the Select button.

Y Place the cursor before the Y. Finally, press Assign! You will notice that the line which you have read has now been highlighted in green.

Now choose a few more parts to record and assign. You're getting the hang of it!

It is ideal to assign as large of a range as you could. There is a menu option on the View tab's Go button that moves the cursor to the next unassigned location. This will help you easily scroll to where you left off last time so you can continue reading.

PLAYING BACK

Now that you have recorded yourself reading some text, let's play them back! Click on the Play tab.

The ComboBox lets you choose what to play. I'm sure you could figure it out.

You may wonder what the "Review Unassigned Recording" is for. After you've made a recording, you can use the option to listen to the recording and determine if you wish to assign it.

The "Tone" option helps you start speaking on the specified pitch if that is your goal.

I MISASSIGNED

If you accidentally make the wrong assignment, put your cursor on the incorrect assignment and go to the File tab. In the Strips subtab, select the Strip that represents your wrong assignment. Press the Delete button and you will have the option to reclaim the recording as the unassigned recording, and you can assign it again.

WORKFLOW AUTOMATION

Once you are comfortable with using the application, File -> Settings has a few options to automate your workflow. This will enable you to read quickly without pressing as many buttons.

YOUR TURN

Create documents with what you wish to read and start filling the document with recordings!
